All the women selected from our Daliang dynasty
Must be proficient in music, chess, calligraphy, and painting
Today, His Majesty and the Empress Dowager have divided you into groups
The winners will advance
Princess Loulan
Su Qingyu, step back and begin
Ah, let me go first, let me go first
Hmm, hmm
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, going up the mountain to hunt a tiger
Tiger
Ah
What comes next again, huh?
Oh, oh, right, right
Didn't catch the tiger
Caught a little squirrel instead, hey
This Su Qingyu really has good fortune
But I heard that Princess Loulan is not really proficient
In music, chess, calligraphy, or painting
Exactly, exactly
Facing an opponent like Princess Loulan
Even Su Qingyu
Would have no trouble winning, let alone my 6-year-old sister, haha
Who cares, right?
Do you want this ambush or not?
A bird in the sky
A flock of chickens on the ground
The chickens and the bird together
All enter my stomach
Hahaha, so delicious!
What nonsense
At this moment
It fully depicts the daily life of common people
Not only is it amusing
But also thought-provoking
Even I am somewhat entranced by it
Su Qingyu, a lady of high birth
Can still empathize with the suffering of the people
Her love for the people is something even I cannot compare to
She deserves a reward, she deserves a reward indeed
What
Yes
Don’t you think so?
Dog Emperor, do you even know what you're saying?
Take a look at your mother’s stiff face while you're at it
I don't believe the Empress Dowager would let you mess around
The Emperor does have a point though
It’s rare for a lady to keep the daily life of the people in mind
Come, reward her
No, Empress Dowager, Your Majesty
There must be some misunderstanding here
I was just reading out of simplicity
Enough
I know
You’re trying to save face for Princess Loulan
Afraid that she might lose too badly
And affect relations between the two countries
Rest assured, I understand
Understand what, you idiot?
This humble woman thanks Your Majesty
Is he not happy?
Could it be that my comments weren’t enough?